Add 1.6.0 blog post (#20)
btcpayserver/blog: blog/_posts/btcpay-server-1-6-0.md

---
title: "BTCPay Server 1.6.0 - Lightning dashboard, receipts and automated emails"
date: 2022-07-08
author: pavlenex
category:
  - "releases"
tags:
  - "btcpay-server"
  - "release"
  - "payouts"
  - "dashboard"
  - "payout processors"
  - "update"
coverImage: "/images/BTCPay1-6-0.png"
---

We're finally back from our coding caves! Now that we have vitamin D and a bit of fresh air, we're excited to show you the new BTCPay Server version - 1.6.0!

> This release's highlights are the introduction of Lightning and point of sale data to the dashboard, customer receipt for customers, emails for invoice statuses, LNURL-withdraw support for refunds, and plenty of other UX improvements, bug fixes, and features. If you have a low-time preference, you can take a quick look at the changelog [here](https://github.com/btcpayserver/btcpayserver/releases/tag/v1.6.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release's highlights are the introduction of Lightning and point of sale data to the dashboard, customer receipts, emails for invoice statuses, LNURL-withdraw support for refunds, and plenty of other UX improvements, bug fixes, and features. If you have a low-time preference, you can take a quick look at the changelog [here](https://github.com/btcpayserver/btcpayserver/releases/tag/v1.6.0).
```

"customer receipt for customers" looks a bit redundant.

It's very likely that by updating BTCPay Server in the past six months, you've already patched this vulnerability. To be safe, update your instance if you haven't done so in a long time.

Let's see what new features and improvements this version brings us!

## Dashboard improvements 📊

We listened to your feedback carefully and added new functionality to the dashboard that will allow you to get essential insights about your store at a glance.

These improvements include the addition of:

- Store currency balance toggle
- Lightning Network data
- Point of sale product data

### Balance currency toggle

Firstly, you'll notice that the dashboard allows you to toggle between BTC and store default currency. You can change the default currency in your Store Settings.

![](/images/dashboard-currency-switch.gif)

### Lightning dashboard data

> In [1.5.0](https://blog.btcpayserver.org/btcpay-server-1-5-0/), we introduced a dashboard. However, it contained data for on-chain only. In 1.6.0, we're adding basic data for lightning. You'll now get information on how much funds in channels you have remote, locally, and even in the closing channels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In [1.5.0](https://blog.btcpayserver.org/btcpay-server-1-5-0/), we introduced a dashboard. However, it contained data for on-chain only. In 1.6.0, we're adding basic data for lightning. You'll now get information on how much funds in channels you have remotely, locally, and even in closing channels.
```

* streamline locally and remotely
* remove redundant article use

On the API, you can toggle invoices. You can specify additional data to show on the receipt. For example, if you were selling licenses or software, you could add the license key to the receipt page or even a link to download the purchased software.

![](/images/receipt.png)

In case you're wondering what happens with the "back to the store button" once the receipt is on, here are potential scenarios:

- If the receipt is on and there is a redirect URL set, both "back to the store" and a "view receipt" buttons will be shown.
- If the invoice shows in modal and the receipt is on, the "view receipt" button is shown and opens a new window.
- Only the receipt button will be shown when you've set the receipt URL, similar to the redirect URL.

If you have a specific use case for receipts or would like to suggest how to improve the functionality, let us know, we'd love to hear how you're using this feature.

## Automated & customized emails 📧

> We've added preliminary support for sending out emails to your customers based on invoice updates. You can now create email rules if you have an SMTP configured in your store settings. This means you can send follow-up emails after the invoice is settled or an email to improve the bounce rate on your abandoned cart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've added preliminary support for sending out emails to your customers based on invoice updates. You can now create email rules if you have an SMTP configured in your store settings. This means you can send follow-up emails after the invoice is settled or an email to reduce the bounce rate on your abandoned cart.
```

hmm... logical if I where to "improve the bounce rate on my abboned carts", I end up with more bounces? I'd stick with "reduce" on that one

## LNURL-withdraw support for payouts 🔄

Issuing a refund via Bolt11 invoice can be a frustrating experience, especially when the expiration time is involved. For example, if you're a merchant creating a refund for your customer, they have an option to input bolt11. However, depending on their wallet, their expiration time can be significantly lower than your processing time. A merchant would see the refund request when it has already expired.

![](/images/lnurlwithdrawrefunds.gif)

By implementing LNURL-withdraw into our payouts (and refunds), customers can now claim and withdraw funds by scanning a QR code from a compatible wallet. There are still some limitations in this flow.

For example, if you're issuing a refund and would like to offer LNURL-withdraw, the target currency must be BTC. Our wizards will be working hard on improving in the next release.

## Greenfield API 👩‍💻

In this release we added a few new functionalities to our [Greenfield API](https://docs.btcpayserver.org/API/Greenfield/v1/).

* Basic API Get and Delete operations for apps
* Add Lightning balance endpoint
* Allow excluding unconfirmed UTXOs when creating a new transaction

> We're noticing an uptrend in people building on top of BTCPay Server. If you're building something with our Greenfield API, we're always looking to get more feedback on how to improve it and we love to see what you've made!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're noticing an uptrend in people building on top of BTCPay Server. If you're building something with our Greenfield API, we're always looking to get more feedback on how to improve it and we love to see what you've made! Be sure to drop by our [Mattermost!](https://chat.btcpayserver.org)
```

just an idea to get the discussions with Greenfield using devs going 💯
